Example added on how to overwrite a knockoutjs html file (#8367)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/javascript-dev-guide/javascript/requirejs.md

}
```

Consider the example of overwriting an HTML file in the adminhtml.
In this example, the `max-length` value of the text-box in the `adminhtml` is altered. The HTML file is located at `vendor/magento/module_ui/view/base/web/templates/form/element/input.html`

1. Create a `requirejs-config.js` file under `app/code/<Vendor_Name>/<Module_Name>/view/base/`

    ```javascript
    var config = {
        paths: {
            'ui/template/form/element/input': '<vendor_name>_<module_name>/template/form/element/input'
        }
    };
    ```

1. Create an `input.html` file under `app/code/<Vendor_Name>/<Module_Name>/view/base/web/template/form/` and copy the contents of the `input.html` file from the `module_ui` template file.
1. Change the maxlength value to be `512` which was originally set to be `256`.

> 1. Run the Magento setup upgrade and setup compile commands.

Reviewer: Convert this step into two:

1. Upgrade the Magento application:

   ```bash
   bin/magento setup:upgrade
   ```

1. Generate the dependency injection configuration:

   ```bash
   bin/magento setup:di:compile
   ```

> 1. Confirm the modification by inspecting the element source code and check the `maxlength` value which should have changed to `512` as specified in the template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Confirm the modification by inspecting the element source code and check the `maxlength` value, which should be `512` as specified in the template.
```

}
```

> Let us consider an example of overwriting an HTML file in the adminhtml.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Consider the example of overwriting an HTML file in the `adminhtml`.
```

> In this example, the max-length value of the text-box in the adminhtml is altered. The HTML file is at `vendor/magento/module_ui/view/base/web/templates/form/element/input.html`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this example, the `max-length` value of the text-box in the `adminhtml` is altered. The HTML file is located at `vendor/magento/module_ui/view/base/web/templates/form/element/input.html`
```

> -Create a requirejs-config.js file under `app/code/<Vendor_Name>/<Module_Name>/view/base/`

Reviewer 2: You need correct spacing after the - otherwise the bullet list is not created correctly. This is throughout all your PR

Author: The linter does not allow a space after '-' @BarnyShergold

Reviewer 2: It's a double space after the - 
See : https://github.com/magento/devdocs/pull/8348/files (fastly-vcl-badreferer.md)

Author: Got it! Thanks! @BarnyShergold

> -Create a requirejs-config.js file under `app/code/<Vendor_Name>/<Module_Name>/view/base/`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-  Create a `requirejs-config.js` file under `app/code/<Vendor_Name>/<Module_Name>/view/base/`
```

> -  Create a `requirejs-config.js` file under `app/code/<Vendor_Name>/<Module_Name>/view/base/`

Reviewer 2: Now I can see this properly - it would be better if this list were numbered as it is a guide. So please replace - with 1. for the 5 items

> ```javascript

Reviewer 2: This now needs indenting so it lines up with the list indentation.

var config = {
    paths: {
        'ui/template/form/element/input': '<vendor_name>_<module_name>/template/form/element/input'
    }
};
```

> -Create an `input.html` file under `app/code/<Vendor_Name>/<Module_Name>/view/base/web/template/form/` and copy the contents of the input.html file from the `module_ui` template file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-  Create an `input.html` file under `app/code/<Vendor_Name>/<Module_Name>/view/base/web/template/form/` and copy the contents of the `input.html` file from the `module_ui` template file.
```

> {:.bs-callout-info}

Reviewer 2: If the list is numbered then I think this info box should be moved to the end so it doesn't split the list.

> 1. Upgrade the Magento application using `bin/magento setup:upgrade`.

Reviewer: Shell commands must be formatted using code fences (```) before and after the command (indented three spaces after a list item). The first set of code fences must be followed by the language (bash).

```bash
bin/magento setup:upgrade
```

> The path for `Magento_Ui/templates` is set to be `ui/template` in the requirejs-config.js module of `module_ui`, hence `ui/template` is used for specifying the path. If no paths are set, `<module_name>/templates` should be used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The path for `Magento_Ui/templates` is set to be `ui/template` in the `requirejs-config.js` module of `module_ui`, hence `ui/template` is used for specifying the path. If no paths are set, `<module_name>/templates` should be used.
```

> 1. Generate the dependency injection configuration using `bin/magento setup:di:compile`.

Reviewer: Shell commands must be formatted using code fences (```) before and after the command (indented three spaces after a list item). The first set of code fences must be followed by the language (bash).

```bash
bin/magento setup:di:compile
```

-Change the maxlength value to be `512` which was originally set to be `256`.
-Run the Magento setup upgrade and setup compile commands.

> -Notice the modification by inspecting the element source code and having a look at the `maxlength` value which is changed to 512 as specified in the template.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-  Confirm the modification by inspecting the element source code and check the `maxlength` value which should have  changed to `512` as specified in the template.
```
